the humanitarian crisis is growing by
the minute more Palestinians have been
killed in overnight Israeli air strikes
that targeted the alsha and jabalia
refugee camps the health Ministry says
many of the casualties are women and
children Israel also pounded the
southern cities of Rafa and KH yunes
power has now been restored to the
Indonesian Hospital in Northern Gaza it
went dark after running out of fuel but
the ministry says a total collapse of
the health system is imminent staff say
they're over whelmed by the numbers of
dead and injured since this War Began on
October the 7th more than 5,000
Palestinians have now been killed in
Gaza according to the health Ministry in
the occupied West Bank Israeli forces
have killed 96 Palestinians over the
past two weeks and in Israel more than
1,400 people were killed in hamas's
military operation while Al jaz's Hy
abuba joins us now from khun in the Gaza
Strip hany can you tell us a little bit
about about what you saw and heard there
overnight
sorry can you repeat that I couldn't
hear it over the noise uh no worries I
can hear that drone above you hany I was
wondering if you could tell us a little
bit more about what you've been
experiencing
overnight yes well uh the air strikes
con continues to pound the Gaza Strip
all over it from North to South with the
brutality and more tragedies are
unfolding as of the early morning of the
early hours of this morning uh we have a
medical Source confirmed 200 people have
been killed in the past 24 hours and 55
of them only the past night in the city
of RA and Khan unun and that's a direct
results of air strikes and heavy
artillery shelling of rabah city and the
City of Han Yunis as well as the densely
populated uh area in jabalia the refugee
camp uh there it's so dense the streets
are full of people and also the
residential home are packed with people
who evacuated it from from the city of
banon and the City of b l so there are
more more reports about a large number
of people being killed in those air
strikes and according to a statement by
the Ministry of Health the number of
casualties has reached to
18,000 pushing hospitals into the brink
of collapse as this is beyond the
capabilities of hospitals to accommodate
and to deal with uh we know that
hospitals are desperately also in need
of supplies honey 54 Aid trucks have
made it in so far how is distribution of
that Aid going and and are we expecting
any more
today mhm well so far the mechanism is
so unclear about how the delivery
process is going to happen but what we
know so far the trucks made it to the
Palestinian side they are in two major
uh locations the uh logistic base of the
United Nations and the City of raava a
warehouse operated and managed by the
United Nations and there's another one
in the city of Dar balah we know there
are preconditions made by the really
government of where and how these
humanitarian Aid are going to be
delivered but priorities are for schools
accommodating evacuates and hospitals
people are expecting and hoping that
this is going to happen soon
particularly hospitals at this hard
time honey abua there with that live
report on the ground for us in conun in
the Gaza Strip thank you so much
h